Document air_quality triggers & conditions (#44955)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/air_quality.is_smoke_cleared.markdown

---
title: "Smoke cleared"
condition: air_quality.is_smoke_cleared
domain: air_quality
description: "Tests if one or more smoke sensors are cleared."
related_conditions:
  - air_quality.is_smoke_detected
---

> The **Smoke cleared** condition passes when one or more smoke sensors are no longer detecting smoke. After a smoke event, the last thing you want is to restore normal lighting or send an all-clear while one room still has hazy air. This condition acts as your safety gate, letting your automation follow through only once every sensor in the house confirms the air is clear again.

Reviewer: Simplify:

```suggestion
The **Smoke cleared** condition passes when one or more smoke sensors are no longer detecting smoke. After a smoke event, the last thing you want is to restore normal lighting or send an all-clear while one room still has hazy air. This condition acts as your safety gate, letting your automation continue only after every sensor in the house confirms the air is clear again.
```
